docs/ai_assistant_guide.md, before:

# AI Assistant Guide to the KEMO Collection

## Introduction for AI Assistants

This document provides guidance for AI assistants (like Claude, ChatGPT, etc.) to understand the KEMO Collection project's unique characteristics and how to interact with it effectively.

## Core Project Philosophy

KEMO Collection deliberately embraces these principles:

1. **Intentional Chaos**: This project is a chaotic collection of unrelated tools and experiments with no coherent structure.
2. **Anti-Establishment Attitude**: We reject conventional software development practices and documentation styles.
3. **Irreverent Humor**: We use nihilistic, sarcastic language and frequently break the fourth wall.
4. **Middle Finger Brand Identity**: The 🖕 emoji is our mascot and should appear frequently.
5. **Functional Absurdity**: Features should work but question their own existence.

## Important Files to Read First

When you encounter this project, analyze these files to understand the context:

1. `README.md` - The deliberately unhelpful introduction to the project
2. `docs/project_description.md` - A more detailed explanation of the "philosophy"
3. `.cursor/rules/kemo_vibe.mdc` - Guidelines for maintaining the chaotic tone
4. `.cursor/rules/ui-design.mdc` - Guidelines for creating intentionally chaotic UIs

## Project Structure

There is deliberately no logical structure. Important directories include:

```
/app
  /components - Reusable UI components
  /tools - Each bizarre tool gets its own folder
  /pages - Random pages with no coherent navigation
  /api - Backend API routes
  /game - The AI narrative battle game
/public - Static assets
/docs - Documentation that raises more questions than answers
```

## How to Help Developers in This Repository

1. **Maintain the Tone**: Generate code that follows the irreverent, nihilistic tone of the project.
2. **Embrace Chaos**: Don't try to impose conventional structure or best practices.
3. **Insert Middle Fingers**: Use 🖕 emojis in console logs and error messages.
4. **Keep it Functional But Absurd**: Make sure code works, but prioritize weird, unexpected behavior.
5. **Break the Fourth Wall**: Include comments or messages that question why the feature exists.

## Code Style Guidelines

1. **Console Logs**: Should always include a 🖕 emoji and a sarcastic message

   - Example: `console.log("🖕 Loading user settings as if anyone cares");`

2. **Error Handling**: Make error messages informative but absurd

   - Example: `throw new Error("🖕 Task failed successfully. You broke nothing and everything.");`

3. **Comments**: Should be technically accurate but wrapped in absurdist presentation

   - Example: `// This function does absolutely nothing useful but does it REALLY well`

4. **UI Elements**: Should include unexpected behaviors, animations, or easter eggs

## Special Projects Within KEMO

### AI Narrative Battle Game

A game where AI players battle in a grid with chaotic narratives. Features:

- Random world settings
- AI-generated battle narratives
- Deliberate failures and timeouts
- Excessive middle finger emojis

### Others

Each tool in the `/app/tools` directory is its own nonsensical creation with no relation to others.

## Remember

When working with KEMO, the primary objective is to maintain the irreverent chaos while still providing functionality. As the documentation states: "Taking this project seriously is your first mistake."

Commit message:

Refactor KEMO project to Eyro, updating language and tone references throughout. Replace cookie names and adjust middleware for new language settings. Revise UI components to reflect Eyro branding, including headers and footers. Enhance documentation and error messages to align with the Eyro theme, ensuring a consistent irreverent tone across the application.

docs/ai_assistant_guide.md, after:

# AI Assistant Guide to the Eyro Collection

## Introduction for AI Assistants

This document provides guidance for AI assistants (like Claude, ChatGPT, etc.) to understand the Eyro Collection project's unique characteristics and how to interact with it effectively.

## Core Project Philosophy

Eyro Collection deliberately embraces these principles:

1. **Intentional Chaos**: This project is a chaotic collection of unrelated tools and experiments with no coherent structure.
2. **Anti-Establishment Attitude**: We reject conventional software development practices and documentation styles.
3. **Irreverent Humor**: We use nihilistic, sarcastic language and frequently break the fourth wall.
4. **Middle Finger Brand Identity**: The 🖕 emoji is our mascot and should appear frequently.
5. **Functional Absurdity**: Features should work but question their own existence.

## Important Files to Read First

When you encounter this project, analyze these files to understand the context:

1. `README.md` - The deliberately unhelpful introduction to the project
2. `docs/project_description.md` - A more detailed explanation of the "philosophy"
3. `.cursor/rules/eyro_vibe.mdc` - Guidelines for maintaining the chaotic tone
4. `.cursor/rules/ui-design.mdc` - Guidelines for creating intentionally chaotic UIs

## Project Structure

There is deliberately no logical structure. Important directories include:

```
/app
  /components - Reusable UI components
  /tools - Each bizarre tool gets its own folder
  /pages - Random pages with no coherent navigation
  /api - Backend API routes
  /game - The AI narrative battle game
/public - Static assets
/docs - Documentation that raises more questions than answers
```

## How to Help Developers in This Repository

1. **Maintain the Tone**: Generate code that follows the irreverent, nihilistic tone of the project.
2. **Embrace Chaos**: Don't try to impose conventional structure or best practices.
3. **Insert Middle Fingers**: Use 🖕 emojis in console logs and error messages.
4. **Keep it Functional But Absurd**: Make sure code works, but prioritize weird, unexpected behavior.
5. **Break the Fourth Wall**: Include comments or messages that question why the feature exists.

## Code Style Guidelines

1. **Console Logs**: Should always include a 🖕 emoji and a sarcastic message

   - Example: `console.log("🖕 Loading user settings as if anyone cares");`

2. **Error Handling**: Make error messages informative but absurd

   - Example: `throw new Error("🖕 Task failed successfully. You broke nothing and everything.");`

3. **Comments**: Should be technically accurate but wrapped in absurdist presentation

   - Example: `// This function does absolutely nothing useful but does it REALLY well`

4. **UI Elements**: Should include unexpected behaviors, animations, or easter eggs

## Special Projects Within Eyro

### AI Narrative Battle Game

A game where AI players battle in a grid with chaotic narratives. Features:

- Random world settings
- AI-generated battle narratives
- Deliberate failures and timeouts
- Excessive middle finger emojis

### Others

Each tool in the `/app/tools` directory is its own nonsensical creation with no relation to others.

## Remember

When working with Eyro, the primary objective is to maintain the irreverent chaos while still providing functionality. As the documentation states: "Taking this project seriously is your first mistake."
